
Attending: Oliver Strickson, Louise Bowler, Camila Rangel Smith, Kasra Hosseini, Martin O'Reilly, Myriam Neaimeh (attending to observe an agile project meeting), Greg Mingas
Apologies: Nik Lomax, Alison Heppenstall

1. Opening up QUIPP-collab Github repository:
  - See issue [#88](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/issues/88) on the QUIPP-collab repo.
2. Access to CC/HIC safe haven
  - Should not be the people focussing on Leeds TF projects
    - CRS and LB will be the 1.0 FTE nominally assigned to the Leeds TF projects
    - CC/HIC safe haven users will be GM and KH
3. Finalising schedule for Leeds TF projects
  - SPENSER is starting as soon as possible with 0.5 FTE for 6 months from TF project effort  
  - Another 0.5 FTE from QUIPP can work on SPENSER, focussing on things that are of strong interest for both QUIPP and SPENSER. Perhaps:
    - Modelling uncertainty in SPENSER simulations
    - Evaluating synthetic data techniques that might be useful for the dynamic modelling SPENSER is looking to support
  - Other Leeds TF projects both want to start in June. GM to arrange meeting to firm up actual effort profile asap.
4. ASG Research Fish submission. See [submission content](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/blob/master/governance/202003_research_fish_submission_QUIPP_2019-20.md) and PR [#66](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/pull/66) for discussion / context.
5. Project board:
    - Privacy metrics:
      - Plausible deniability. See issue [#80](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/issues/80).
      - Disclosure risk: See issue [#82](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/issues/82).
    - Dockerising pipeline. See issue [#63](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/issues/63).
    - Utility metrics. See issue [#61](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/QUIPP-collab/issues/61).
6. Presentation at REG tech talk next Tuesday. We don't have utility metric or slides yet. Pivot work this week to get to "a little bit of everything" for REG talk.
  - CRS and OS to pick up both privacy metrics and integrate into pipeline
  - KH and GM to work on utility metric.
  - LB to continue with Docker.
  - People to contribute to slides as they go.
7. SSI Collaborations Workshop is now online. Are we happy we can still deliver an effective demo?
  - Talk to SG about whether we can use custom BinderHub (Hub23?) with more powerful compute?
  - We will commit to doing the demo remotely but caveat that we will scale back as required to have something done well rather than everything done badly (e.g. will be more "talky" and potentially dropping the audience participation on BinderHub)
  - We will double up on QUIPP where we can defer work on other projects.
  - We will review where we are at REG talk next week then consider whether we need to narrow focus for SSI workshop.
8. Project webpage.
  - Won't post before all Co-Is get a chance to review and comment (say next Monday)
  - Need to have online by end of March.